externally_connectable doc improvements (#20438)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/runtime/connect/index.md

Note that you can't use this function to connect an extension to its content scripts. To do this, use {{WebExtAPIRef('tabs.connect()')}}.

> By default, this connection can exchange messages with any other extension. However, the [`externally_connectable`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/externally_connectable) manifest key can be used to limit communication to specific extensions and enable communication with websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this connection can exchange messages with any other extension instead of itself via the `extensionId` parameter. However, the [`externally_connectable`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/externally_connectable) manifest key can be used to limit communication to specific extensions and enable communication with websites.
```

Clarification; please apply something along the lines of this to all similar texts in the PR.

> By default, this connection enables the extension to exchange messages with itself and any other extension (defined by `extensionId`). However, the [`externally_connectable`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/externally_connectable) manifest key can be used to limit communication to specific extensions and enable communication with websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this connection enables the extension to exchange messages with itself or any other extension (if `extensionId` is given). However, the [`externally_connectable`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/externally_connectable) manifest key can be used to limit communication to specific extensions and enable communication with websites. Connections within the extension trigger the {{WebExtAPIRef('runtime.onConnect')}} event, connections from other extensions or web pages trigger the  {{WebExtAPIRef('runtime.onConnectExternal')}} event.
```

The current wording is unclear. By far the most common use case is exchanging messages with the extension itself. As an extra, the `extensionId` parameter can be used to send a message to a different extension *instead of* the current one (which would also trigger a different event name - that is currently not clear from the existing docs, so I have made a suggestion there as well), I have suggested an edit to make it a bit more clear - copy-edit as needed.
